Updated readme requirements for the control panel to load (#147)
NoiseByNorthwest/php-spx: README.md

Just open with your browser the following URL: `http://localhost/?SPX_KEY=dev&SPX_UI_URI=/` to access to the web UI [control panel](#control-panel).

> _N.B.: `http://localhost/` must be served by a PHP script through standard web server feature like directory index or URL rewriting. If this is not the case the control panel will not fully load.

Reviewer: I think we can get rid of "If this is not the case..." and we may also keep the phrase explaining that the PHP script will not be executed.

```suggestion
_N.B.: `http://localhost/` must be served by a PHP script through standard web server feature like directory index or URL rewriting. The PHP script will however not be executed, SPX will intercept and disable its execution to serve its content in place.
```

> _N.B.: `http://localhost/` must be served by a PHP script through standard web server feature like directory index or URL rewriting. The PHP script will however not be executed, SPX will intercept and disable its execution to serve its content in place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_N.B.: `http://localhost/` must be served by a PHP script through standard web server feature like directory index or URL rewriting. The PHP script will however not be executed, SPX will intercept and disable its execution to serve its content in place._
```
